hello everyone it's elena and i'm back
with another video and today i'm going
to show you guys my morning routine
during winter break
i get up around 7 a.m that is much later
than what i get up during the germ time
but i think it's important that you you
know give yourself some time to sleep in
during the winter break
and yeah once i get dressed it is then
time for me to make my bed because
i am that kind of a person who will fall
right back into bed and just go back to
sleep if i give myself a chance to do so
and making my bed kind of prevents
myself from doing that so once my bed
isn't actually finally made
it is then time for me to turn my very
very sleepy face into
a more awake version thanks to some
concealer so i just go into the bathroom
and here you can see what i look like
before a little bit tired but
alright and here's me a little bit more
awake looking
and then it was time for breakfast i
made myself some cereal just put some
milk on top of it and then i ate that in
our living room
and after that i went back to my room
and then it was time to pick out some
jewelry
i tend to dress somewhat normally during
winter break like i don't dress up as
much just
for the term but i do really enjoy
jewelry so i just put on some
layered necklaces and then one of my
absolute favorite rings
and here's a little outfit of the day in
case anyone was interested
so basically i just put on this massive
gray sweater which is super super
comfortable
and then just some gray pants of course
some fuzzy socks
and yeah that was the look and then it
was time for me to put on my deodorant
which brings us to the amazing sponsor
of today's video which is native what i
love about them is that they're amazing
for people with dry skin because their
deodorants are very hydrating but
they're nonetheless not sticky and they
dry quickly
they are also aluminum free paraben and
sulfate free and they are also vegan and
cruelty free
and you get a lot of product in each
package of a deodorant i just got out
all the product here so that you can see
how much it actually is
and you have a wide variety of scents
that you can choose from and they are
all very natural
so for example the ones they sent me are
lavender and rose which is my absolute
favorite one
because it basically just reminds me of
walking through a summery garden
the next one that they sent me was rose
which is basically like
summer in a scent and it's really really
beautiful and i absolutely love wearing
it
and all of my scents last the entire day
and the last one that they sent me
was apple and honeysuckle which is very
sweet but at the same time kind of fresh
so it's actually really really great for
a deodorant scent
they offer free shipping to the us and
free deodorants are normally 36 dollars
but if you use my link and code you will
get them for 24. which is 43
off and yeah i hope you guys will like
the deodorants but now let's get back to
my morning routine then i usually give
myself some time to read a chapter in my
book of the week i'm currently reading
this german book which is called nine
and a half perfect murders and i
basically just sit down on my bed and
read it
and yes i did just have to listen to
nobody no crime by taylor swift while
reading this book
now the book is a relatively quick read
but it's written by germa criminal
lawyer and it basically describes
scenarios of murders and how
people got away in these scenarios and
honestly it's just very very interesting
to read
um now it's not written necessarily for
a legal audience so you can just read
this for fun
and once i'm done with that i just put
my book back to all the other books that
i'm currently storing here
so basically i have my law books here
but also you know
just some normal books and yes i do just
store them
under this little table because i
currently don't have really
space for them anywhere else because i
wasn't planning to bring my unibooks
home because
i wasn't planning to study from home
this semester originally
so they're just there for now and then i
make myself some tea
that morning i make myself some earl
grey um so that i can then take that
with me
downstairs to work i love drinking tea
while i work i just
think that's something that really calms
me down so i always make myself some tea
and this is by the way my black little
notebook where i put in my to-do list
but also just
notes you know when i quickly research
something or something it's
really for everything because a lot of
people asked about this little notebook
in my life studying with me
and here's my email account 21 so time
to address that
and i'm normally not that vain to make
myself my desktop but i'm really really
proud of this edit
so that's why i put it um as my desktop
background
probably just for a few days but i
really really like the edit and so i
wanted to have it there
and then it was time for me to go over
my 21 unread emails and just write a few
emails that i have to write
and i always get my little black
notebook out as well
and i just note down any to-do's from my
emails
and you know anything that i need to get
done throughout the day so that i don't
forget about it
i don't give myself a time limit of how
long i'm going to spend on my emails
during winter break i usually just
try to get all of my emails done in the
morning however long it takes
and i'm usually at my desk by about 9am
in the morning
and so once i'm done with all my emails
it is then time to get to my revision
because that's what i mainly use my time
in winter break for
so that day it was time for private law
so i got out my statute book
and then it was time to open up my
revision notes which i make on good
notes on my ipad
and this is what they look like so i
basically just tried to make them look
somewhat aesthetically pleasing so that
i'm more motivated to look at them
if you guys want a tutorial on these
notes i'm going to link it in the info
box below
and yeah basically i just get out my
powerpoint from the lecture
and then also my own lecture notes and i
based my notes on that
and then it was basically just time to
get to work now i find it really
important that i do some work throughout
winter break because after all that is
also what's expected of you
but i think it's also important that you
you know take it more chill than you
would
during your term time because you are
supposed to come out of winter break a
little bit relaxed
and you know you are supposed to have
some time off so what i usually do
is i will do my revision and stuff but i
will take more breaks
and you know i won't be as strict on
myself like how much i want to get done
in a day
because after all it is a holiday and
yeah basically i just spend some time on
my desk then
and basically just do a lot of revision
and yeah
that's my day i hope you guys enjoyed
this video and thank you so much for
watching have a nice day
[Music]
bye
you